It was the first time I was able to do
a live performance at ZEPP.
I've never done a live performance at
ZEPP alone before, but I was suddenly
told to do a tour.
I'm not anxious or anything. I'm just
looking forward to it.
I've always wanted to do this!
I'm crying!
I'm so happy!
This is crazy!
I heard that there are many artists who
are doing live shows at Zepp.
I was hoping that we could do it
someday.
I was told that we could do it
suddenly.
I was really happy, but I was told that
we couldn't do it.
I was very frustrated.
I was really surprised when all the
artists left.
I was sad that we could do it on the
first day of Zepp or the second day of
Zepp.
But we could do it because we couldn't
do it often.
I wanted to do a live show, but I
couldn't help it.
I think that we can show our
performance at Zepp because of this
period.
I think that period is a period to make
something that I can dance with
confidence.
I thought it was natural to meet them.
It's a strange feeling. But I want to
meet them soon.
Even when I couldn't meet them, I got a
lot of messages from the blog and other
places.
I felt that a lot of people were
cheering for me. I felt like I should do
my best.
I can imagine that I can have a more
fun live. I'm excited to meet them soon.
I couldn't do it at that time, but I
will definitely do it again.
I will definitely do it again. I will
show you something better than when I
did it at that time.
I hope I can have a tour with the best
performance in the future.
We hope you'll continue to support us!
I hope you'll be happy!
Everyone, please bring your friends!
Wait!
Paburi!
What's wrong?
Paburi is shy!
She's nervous!
Really?
What?
She looks so happy!
She's so cute!
She's so happy!
She's so nervous!
What?
She's so excited!
It's her first time seeing her like
that!
What?
What's going on?
Wait!
What?
What's going on?
She's so happy!
What?
What? What? What?
I don't know what to do.
I see.
I think it's very important for me to
have time to perform live.
I believe that there will be more fun
days than now so that I don't end my
dream with a dream.
I'm looking forward to seeing beautiful
scenery together.
Let's meet again. I'm looking forward
to it.
Let's dye the venue orange with a lot
of smiles.
I can't express my feelings enough
I'm so sad today
ZEPP
I've been dreaming of this
I'm finally able to do a ZEPP tour
It's a revenge
But I'm so happy
Thank you very much
We will do our best to become an artist
who can stand on the ZEPP tour with a
smile on their face, so please continue
to support us.
I want to make the world full of
excitement next year's 2020, so I hope
we can go to many places together.
I hope we can meet many new future
young people.
There is no ceiling in our dreams, and
there is no end to our dreams.
So let's go together to make the future
of our dreams.
We will keep going forward, so please
follow us firmly.
Everyone!
The first day of the ZEPP tour
I don't think we had the first day of
the ZEPP tour in Hokkaido
But I got a lot of warm comments
I was really inspired
I'm really happy that we can finally
have the first day of the ZEPP tour
Thank you for watching!
I'm not sure if I can do it, but I'll
try.
I'll try to do my best.
I'm so happy that all 6 members are
here to welcome this day.
I love all the members.
I love all the members and I love
NMB48.
I'm so relieved that we're here to
welcome the first day of the ZEPP tour.
I'm so relieved.
Translated by Releska
This program is a program where six
people who are active to promote
something exciting challenge various
things and raise the excitement
barometer in the world!
I will prove the exciting future!
Next, Plot video
I can't see anything.
It's not spinning.
I think it's not spinning.
I got a bear.
I'm so excited.
Looks so good.
I'm waiting for it.
Smells so good.
I'm so excited.
Let's eat.
First time to eat this.
It's 890 yen.
We should celebrate it.
I hope we can go home.
Let's eat.
I'm going to eat this.
Bye bye!
Gochisou sama n какую 생각 하죠 Basically,
how was it?
whoosh
ahahahaha
Thanks everyone!
I'm so excited.
Hello.
It's so beautiful.
The light is so beautiful.
It's shining.
It's so beautiful.
This is what we usually order.
Curly
What's the sound goddesses make from
Baege
Go?
We'll be performing at the Tokyo Osaka
Day Festival.
Please support us!
Please subscribe to our channel!
We are Super-Hikibiki-CNM!
Please support us!
Thank you!
Shoon!
It's going to be a great day.
Kazaka!
I'm begging you.
Okay.
Thank you for watching.
Running is a traditional tradition in
Japan that desires good health and
presentation points throughout the
festival.
Until it remains ancient history, the
bridge in the middle of the festival is
bustling with Mt. Nina.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for watching!
I'm gonna use, use, use, use, use
Tell me, I want
I'm just a kid who's fighting and
fighting
I'm just staring at you, I want
No matter how much I try, I can't
forget you
Hey, I'm just a kid who's just like you
I want
I'm just a kid who's just like you
Tell me, I'm just a kid who's just like
you
I want
You are too good
Wow!
that'sんだ
ładowana
Boo
—The Fre UP!
That we'd collision with the floor.
For that, you need to work hard by
stepping back a bit.
OK.
Thank you.
I'm glad I was able to meet you.
I'm glad I met you.
The miracle of love is overflowing
I can't stop this love
Everything is about to burst
I can't take it anymore, I can't
contain it
Someday, we'll be bound
The miracle transformation story
Do it Do it now
Wait for me
I got you
Yes, OK
It's a little short, but this is the
correct answer
Everyone please
This feeling is no longer good
I'll tell you
Thank you for the rehearsal.
Thank you for the final performance.
Thank you.
It's 3.25 p.m.
It's 6 o'clock in the morning.
Thank you.
I have no more time, so I'm going to
visit other places and have a meal.
I...
какие самый это?
мам,чиквалка яividual
hold on
ah, самин
мам, в этих автомобилях я я люблю
like this
I LOVE  Jahr
Ой!
Next etwas
I had cuarto
Thank you.
If you were to choose between the two,
which would you choose?
The meat bun?
The meat bun from the afternoon and the
meat bun from the spring.
But I'm sure that people from Kansai
and Osaka would choose the meat bun from
the afternoon.
Because you always eat it?
Yes, because I eat it, I would choose
the meat bun from the spring.
Which would you choose, the meat bun
from the afternoon and the meat bun from
the spring?
There is no meat as much as a meat bun.
There is.
I heard that the ice candy from the
afternoon is delicious.
There is a matcha flavor.
Matcha?
Wow, it's early.
It's early today, too.
Today is the day.
Today's delivery is a hand-synced line.
It's going to fall.
Hold hands and go!
It's interesting.
It's very close to the top.
It's going to fall before it's all
alive.
It's going to the top.
It's not suitable for the last.
Which one was the best?
Hello everyone!
This is the K-Touring corner of ZEPP
Osaka FESED.
Our favorite K-Touring corner.
First of all, here is a drink that is
cold and a drink that is at room
temperature.
Which do you like, Aki-chan?
Room temperature.
Room temperature is good.
Let's drink.
And today's dinner.
This is a high-calorie meal.
Is it high-calorie?
It's different.
It's a little different.
It's round.
Aki-chan, do you like high-calorie
food?
I love high-calorie food.
I think I will eat this.
Is it K-MOKUCHI?
And this is...
I will open it.
It's hard.
Is it a hot pack?
It's a meat bun.
When there is a meat bun, I'm happy.
I thought it was a high-calorie food at
first.
It's all right.
Meat bun at 1 p.m.
I will eat it hot.
This is my favorite meal.
We can eat either.
Fish fillet or beef ribs?
One, two, three!
Beef ribs!
It was tender and delicious.
Hello, Aki-chan!
I'm Kuida Oretaoro.
I love this snack.
Is it your first time to meet me?
Yes, it is.
I'm in the TV program called Two Tenka.
Oh, really?
I'm a member of the same program.
I wanted to ask you a question.
Oh, really?
Can you shake my hand?
Sure.
Oh, you did it!
Your hands are warm.
I don't know the name of this snack.
It's called Kuida Oretaoro.
There are many kinds of snacks.
I'll enjoy them later.
That's all for today.
Bye bye!
Today is the last day of the ZEPP tour.
ZEPP Osaka.
ZEPP, welcome to ZEPP Osaka Playsite.
Thank you for coming today.
Oh, yeah.
I'm so happy.
Me too.
Thank you.
I can't remember what I said.
Sorry.
We're in the US.
We're almost there.
This is the city of excitement.
We have about 20 minutes left.
Yes.
How do you feel?
I was worried that I'd be nervous.
I'm just trying to have fun and do my
best so I don't get nervous.
I'm not nervous at all this time.
I'm just trying to have fun.
That's why every time we come here,
it's over in a flash.
I'm just trying to have fun.
We have a lot of people who came to see
us and watch our live broadcast.
We have a lot of people today.
We have to do our best today.
If we don't do our best, everyone,
including us, will be the last.
Let's burn it up.
We're going to burn it up today.
By the way, what kind of words will you
use to make the three of us burn up?
Today...
I'll imitate Billiken.
First, I like BK-san.
When I touch her feet, I feel happy.
She is a character from Osaka.
Kinno.
Oh, that character.
Yes, yes.
What was her name again?
Kui-doru.
I'll do it again.
You're doing it from the beginning.
Do you like Julia?
Not at all.
I like Kui-doru.
But if I slip, it's the final.
Today, I'll take Julia home.
Oh, that's cute.
Is that okay?
Yes.
I'll forgive you.
I'm happy.
I hope you'll forgive me.
Well, Osaka's final performance.
I'll do my best.
See you later.
Bye bye.
The final performance.
It's a strange feeling.
Like I am...
I feel like this is the last one.
I wonder how it will be.
There were so many people coming.
I was so grateful.
And sold out.
Nagoya, Tokyo, and Fukuoka.
I think so.
Fukuoka was also sold out.
There were so many people behind us.
Tokyo was sold out.
It was amazing.
I was so happy.
Thank you so much.
Let's do our best.
We'll do our best.
Bye-bye.
Please subscribe to this channel!
We finally made it to the end.
I'm so glad we made it.
I'm relieved.
It's not over yet.
I have a lot of memories of each
performance.
I hope we can make good memories here
and in Osaka.
But, we were asked to do the final
rehearsal.
I was a little nervous.
I almost cried.
I felt it.
I thought it was the final.
I was a little lonely.
We had a lot of things to do.
We had to go on a music tour.
But, we made it to the end with 6
members, staff and the publicity
company.
We'll enjoy the show until the end.
We'll enjoy it.
We had a lot of people who came to our
first live show.
People from Fukuoka, Nagoya, Osaka and
Nagoya.
We went to Nagoya twice.
We went to Hokkaido twice.
We had a lot of people who came to our
first live show.
I'm glad to meet you.
I'm glad to be in the spotlight.
Thank you for knowing us and finding
us.
Thank you.
Get it!
Thank you!
Ready?
Oh, you're here.
Let me introduce myself.
I'm Step Up.
I'm Delivery.
I'm Mimori.
Thank you for watching.
Shake it!
Rock-paper-scissors!
We will play 4 songs.
Ready?
Tomorrow, Saikyo-setsu!
Shibu-tsuta!
Ready?
Muteki!
I want to mix tea.
It's OK.
Thank you.
You are great.
Thank you for watching. Please
subscribe to this channel.
I'm sorry to ruin the thumbnail.
Welcome to Osaka Fes.
I'm sorry. I mistook it for USJ.
Ohara-chan, please.
Dango.
Ohara-chan for spring.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Welcome to Ohara-chan.
No.
Calm down.
I'm sorry.
This is not USJ.
It's not Dango or USJ.
Today, we are going to...
Ohara-chan.
Is she watching us?
I think she is.
Let's put in the keywords.
Let's do it.
Let's put in the mic.
Please.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I mistook it for USJ.
I'm sorry.
Please put in the words for me.
Dango.
In spring, flowers.
No.
I'm sorry.
Welcome to...
Oh, Haruka!
I'm sorry.
Please calm down.
This is not a UST, is it?
That's right.
It's a Zapp.
Thank you for coming to the Heart Rock
On Zapp Tour 2021,
where we will be promoting our new
song,
which is called, Super Exciting!
I'm Haruka Koizumi, Haruka Oharuka,
and I'm Hiyorin Yoshikawa, Hiyori
Yoshikawa,
and I'm Hiyorin Yoshikawa, Hiyorin
Oharuka,
who are super excited!
Thank you!
Before we start, we would like to ask
our guests to be careful.
We strongly refuse to take pictures or
record sound during the performance.
Today, the guests in the front row, A
and B, can't watch the performance.
Please enjoy the performance while you
are seated.
No loud voices or jumping is allowed.
Please enjoy the performance with your
hands and penlight.
Please be careful not to disturb the
guests around you.
Please evacuate according to the
instructions of the staff.
We will start the performance soon.
Wow!
It's like a final.
This is the theme park of Super
Exciting Show!
Yes, it is.
Thank you!
We are so excited that we can't eat
anything.
Please enjoy the performance without
regret.
Let's start!
Wow!
We will make you fall in love with us!
Ready?
Wait for us!
We are going to start the engine.
Please.
Tanami, Julia, Toko, Maruko, Aki,
Chiyori, Super-Super-Exciting
Advertising Club, Rock On!
What's going on?
Isn't this the worst?
Isn't this the first time?
It's okay, right?
Everyone, please take care of us.
What should we do?
Rock On!
Please take care of us.
Thank you.
I have to calm down.
Thank you for watching!
I love you, I love you so much
Originally, we were planning to hold a
ZEPP tour last year, but due to the
current situation, it was postponed.
We've been looking forward to it for
about a year or two, so we're able to
safely welcome the final day.
I'm very happy.
We're six people on stage right now,
but we're not on stage alone.
We're on stage because of the publicity
staff who support us.
And the staff who always support us in
the shadows.
They're putting the lights on us.
They're showing us on the monitor.
We're wearing costumes and doing
makeup.
This year, we're moving together.
It's the first time we've moved
together.
I was happy.
We made memories together.
They've been giving us a lot of
support, including the standing table,
so that we can have a better live
performance.
We're able to be on this stage thanks
to the support of the staff.
I can feel the love from the staff, the
publicity staff, and the members.
When we were rehearsing, the staff
said,
I want to do a ZEPP tour more.
You can sing with confidence.
I'm saved by those casual words.
We're able to be on this stage thanks
to the support of the publicity staff,
the comments, the eyes, and the live
broadcast.
I think we're the most loving group in
Japan.
I'm confident that we're the best in
We're going to make everyone love us.
When I say, I'm excited, I write,
heart.
The costumes and the set are full of
hearts.
I think it's a live performance that
contains everything about us.
I want to run to the top with everyone
who came to this venue, everyone who
watched the live broadcast, and everyone
who is curious about the special
performance.
I want you to think that I'm glad I'm
supporting you.
When I heard that the ZEPP tour was
over, I was so excited.
I've been looking forward to the ZEPP
tour for about a year, and I've been
looking forward to it for a long time,
but I can't do it because of the
situation.
I was worried that I could do it again
this year, but I'm glad I could meet
everyone until the final.
I'm looking forward to it.
I thought it was a great stage this
time.
I thought I shouldn't miss any of the
six members.
But it's because of all six of us that
this stage was created.
I felt the importance of the members.
And as Kaname said, the staff has
always supported us.
We've been talking about how we can
improve the live performance together
since the rehearsal.
I'm so grateful to the lighting, sound,
makeup, and all the staff.
I'm so grateful to the staff.
It's not a given that we can have a
live concert.
I think it's really important to spend
every minute and second with everyone.
I really love you.
I thought a lot about it today.
I mean, today, I thought a lot about
this tour.
The Ezeb tour is over today.
Next year, too.
There's a schedule for this year's Toki
Cream.
We've got a lot of plans for next
year's live.
Don't look away from Toki Cream.
Forever and ever.
Follow me.
Don't look away from Toki Cream.
I'll make you excited and thrilled.
I'll make you love me more and more.
Follow me to the top of the world.
I was able to do a dream-like Z-POP
tour.
Many people who I haven't met before
came to see me.
I was able to meet many people in the
first place.
I was really happy.
The scenery I see from here is
beautiful and full every time.
I was very happy.
I felt that I was able to grow more
than before.
I felt that many people came to see me.
I felt very warm.
I was able to convey my smile through
the mask.
I was able to convey my warm gaze.
I was saved and supported by many
people.
I had a lot of fun on this tour.
It was a dream-like Z-POP tour.
To be honest, I wasn't able to show my
full potential.
I was very frustrated.
It was my dream.
I was not satisfied with many things.
I thought I should not be on stage.
but there were many people
who cheer for us and
Usually, when I work in Hacker Jez,
there is no Então.
I've been experienced the sort of
things,
But It always has made me imagine
To never give up
My heart...
made me stronger.
Everyone, including the staff,
gave me a lot of courage.
Thanks to that, I was able to make it
to the final.
There were a lot of parts that I wasn't
satisfied with and was frustrated with,
but I was able to think positively.
I was able to think,
I'm here today, and I'll be stronger
tomorrow.
I was able to stand on stage with
confidence.
I'm grateful to the publicity staff for
supporting me.
I was able to feel the support of the
staff behind the scenes.
What I can do may be trivial,
but I want to continue to see beautiful
scenery with everyone.
I was able to be strong during this
period.
When I feel frustrated or frustrated,
I want to tell everyone that it's not
true.
I want to continue to walk with
everyone.
I'm glad that I was able to finish my
first ZEPP tour safely with all the
members.
ZEPP tour is really fun.
The live is also fun and I can do a lot
of live performances.
I was able to land at my first place.
I was able to eat delicious food and
meet new publicity staff.
I was able to feel that ZEPP tour is a
happy and overflowing tour.
Thank you!
You look happy!
Cute!
It was really fun!
I don't know...
I can't imagine the members sleeping in
the car or the train.
I can't imagine sleeping in the bed.
I'm sleeping.
I was sleeping in the front seat in
Nagoya.
I was thinking, Hiori is sleeping now.
I felt I got closer to the members in
this tour.
It was a very good summer vacation for
me.
I think it's our mission to make people
excited.
We're going to collect the latest
technology of Toki-sen.
It's the latest technology.
Please wait a moment.
We have a special guest today.
We brought him here.
He's here.
Be careful.
He looks heavy.
Are you okay?
We brought him to Osaka.
Thank you.
He's our soul.
We came to Hokkaido, Nagoya, Fukuoka,
Tokyo and Osaka.
We've seen many people who wanted to
come to Osaka.
We brought our souls to this bag.
We have many souls of Senne Mui.
We have souls of people who couldn't
come.
I brought them from Tokyo.
Your souls are here.
What are you doing?
We're separating.
Our bodies are here, but our souls are
here.
Please get along with us.
We can only use Toki-sen.
We want to use it as a secret weapon.
We want to make it more effective.
If you know Toki-sen, you can make it
more effective.
If you want to make people happy,
you can spread Senne Mui's soul.
We'll do our best to change the world.
We'll use the latest technology.
We'll use our power.
We'll use our power to make people
happy.
We'll do our best to make people happy.
I hope you'll support us.
Thank you for today.
It was fun!
Thank you!
I'm home!
Thank you for coming to our trip tour!
The last day of the trip tour!
Thank you for your hard work!
It's dark.
We finished it.
It's over.
Thank you for your hard work.
We finished it.
Thank you!
Nice to meet you.
It's like a moving distance research.
Oh, we've been to Hokkaido, so we've
been to Fukuoka.
This time is amazing.
What kind of people are there?
There were two Japanese people.
Oh, you're right.
There are three people who went home.
That's right.
I'll look back later.
We've been to a lot of places.
But wherever I go, everyone is waiting
for me.
I was happy to hear that.
Thank you.
You bought a lot of souvenirs.
Did you finish eating?
I haven't eaten yet.
You haven't finished eating yet?
White Koyubitama
I want you to share it.
I ate it.
I've been putting butter sandwiches on
my grandfather's desk.
I'll eat it.
You bought it all.
You bought the most.
I bought it because I wanted to eat it
when I got home.
I'll eat it when I get home.
I'll eat it all.
You're cute.
You're still cute.
We'll be back with more fun after this.
We'll do our best not to fight.
I want to eat this.
Do you have it?
I'll eat it.
Thank you for coming.
We still have a lot of plans.
Please follow us.
Please subscribe to our channel.
Thank you.
We were supposed to hold this tour last
year, but it was postponed for a year.
But our feelings for this tour have
increased.
And the number of venues has increased.
We weren't going to go to Hokkaido, but
we decided to go to this tour.
We were able to meet many people from
all over the country.
I'm glad.
There were so many new people this
time.
I was surprised.
There were many new faces.
And there were many more women.
I was happy to see the scenery with my
own eyes.
I felt like I was able to enjoy this
tour.
Of course, I'm not good at singing and
dancing yet.
But I enjoyed singing.
I wanted to sing.
I think this tour was a change of my
mind.
I hope that the message of this tour
will be conveyed to the fans.
I hope that the fans will say,
I'm good at singing.
I was able to feel that there are
people who are watching me.
I was able to feel the energy to do my
best.
I'm very grateful.
I want to improve myself.
I want to be able to perform better.
I want to aim for that.
I'm going to do my best.
There were 8 songs in this tour.
I've said this many times.
It was the last corner of the live.
I can say that there were 4 songs.
I like the last one and that's it.
It was too early to get to the 4 songs.
I thought it was over when I finished
this corner.
But it was so much fun.
I heard that it was difficult to come
to places far from my home.
But everyone was cheering me on.
As Hiorin said,
I had a lot of energy in this week.
So many people cheered me on.
We all worked hard together.
It was a happy tour.
I want to improve myself.
I want to come to the same place as the
members.
I want to be on a bigger stage someday.
I felt the unity with the members.
Everyone was dancing and singing
together.
I felt that the unity between the stage
and Toki-sen was strengthened.
It's been like that since Hokkaido.
The unity is getting stronger and
stronger.
I'm happy to see the scenery from the
stage.
I think the members were worried about
each other.
I thought the members were the best.
In one word,
It's a luxury.
But if you think about it, it's a
beautiful luxury.
There were a lot of advertisers.
The pen lights were shining
beautifully.
I was able to meet everyone from all
over the country.
I was happy to meet the advertisers.
I was happy to see the food in the
hotel.
It was the best.
I've done a lot.
I thought the tour was amazing.
I realized for the first time that the
tour was so much fun.
I felt like I was getting closer to
everyone.
I ate delicious food.
I was able to perform about four times
in two weeks.
It was so much fun that the tour was
the best.
I have a lot of memories.
I ate the Hitsumabushi when I went to
Nagoya for a campaign.
We ate all the rice.
We talked about eating.
I got it.
I got one.
I kissed.
I'm going to go.
I felt love on the tour.
There were a lot of advertisers.
I could see everyone's expressions.
I was able to feel warm.
I thought it was a wonderful tour.
I was lonely and fun.
I think the MC talked to me.
I think the rehearsal is solid.
Of course, there are some parts that
are solid.
I feel like I'm creating a space that
can only be created there with everyone.
I think that KOKO, the song, the dance,
and the way it looks are amazing.
I feel like I want to grow more.
I want to do my best in various ways.
I think that's what came out.
I felt hot from everyone.
This is the first time I've been to
Hokkaido, Nagoya, Fukuoka, Tokyo, and
Osaka as a promotional group.
It was the first time I went around the
country as a one-man tour.
I felt that there were more advertisers
all over the country.
I felt that it was a group that was
loved by everyone.
Every venue has a different scenery.
I don't think I'm going to overlap
anywhere.
All of them are memories.
I made memories of that place.
I felt that I had one more memory as a
super-exciting promotional group.
It's only been a year and a half since
I started as a super-exciting
promotional group.
It's a time when each and every live is
important.
That's why I'm taking care of every
live.
I made memories of each and every live.
I really like the time when I was
singing rock-paper-scissors.
I like the song YY with a lot of
momentum and the super-step-up.
I sing rock-paper-scissors with
everyone and sing together.
I feel that we are all together.
I often sing the chorus in a solo part.
It's been a while since I sang with
everyone.
I don't usually sing together.
I'm trying to improve that part.
Rock-paper-scissors is a song that
makes everyone's voices together.
It's a song that makes me feel good.
I'm going to do my best.
I'm looking forward to singing on a
different stage.
It was my favorite song on this tour.
This tour is fun.
I'm always nervous at the live show.
This tour was a relaxing tour.
I was able to say a lot of things
during the rehearsal.
I was able to support the members even
if I made a lot of mistakes.
I felt a lot of love from the members.
I also wanted to give a lot of love to
the members.
I got a lot of love from the members.
I'm sure everyone has received a lot of
love.
It was a fun and heartwarming tour.
Every moment was the best.
I was nervous at the beginning of the
tour.
I was nervous.
Gradually, everyone cheered me up with
Ten Lights.
I was singing and I could sing
comfortably.
But, I think I'm the best at singing
one-way.
I'm the best at singing one-way.
I'm the MVP of the song.
That's right.
I'm glad.
I felt a lot of bond and love in this
tour.
I think that the live performance of
Tokisen has become more formal than
before.
I think that the live performance of
Tokisen has become more formal than
before.
The live performance was very
comfortable and everyone was calm.
I think that the live performance of
Tokisen has become more formal.
I think that the next song will be
OKAYAYA.
I hope that I can show that a lot.
I hope that the members will love the
members and the promoters a lot.
I was very excited and warm.
I want to keep updating it and I want
you to think that it is the strongest at
that time.
I want to keep up with the live
performance with all my might.
I want you to follow Tokisen from now
on.
I'm looking forward to working with
you.
I'm sure something is waiting for us
beyond the speed of light.
Thank you for watching!
Let's go!
Come on!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
I love you
Let's do the engine again.
Let's get excited again.
Let's get excited.
I made a mistake a little while ago.
Let's do this so that everyone is
surrounded.
I want to do the engine.
If you go to the end,
we'll say,
Sendenpuin!
Let's all clap.
Let's raise the penlight.
Let's raise it.
Everyone watching the live broadcast,
please do it together.
Please do it with your soul.
Let's get excited.
Kanami, Julia, Hitoko,
Haruka, Aki, Hiyori,
Sendenpuin!
Super-exciting-advertisement-
clap!
This is so good!
This is the first time I've seen this.
What is this?
This is so fun! I'm about to cry.
I'm a little moved.
It feels like we've become one.
We've become one!
Goodbye, goodbye, thank you for
yesterday
The city after the rain is colored
On the canvas of my damaged heart
I'll draw a fragment of the future
I'll guide you
Top Ders, Kim Kamiya
Thank you!
I remember the time when we were
together
Even if it rains, I'll smile
Look, let's go anywhere
Goodbye, goodbye, to me of yesterday
The city after the rain is sparkling
My heart is like a sunny day
I ring the bell of the rainbow
I play the rainbow piano
Goodbye, goodbye, to me of yesterday
Goodbye to me of yesterday
The city after the rain is sparkling
My heart is like a feather
I shed tears
I wear a rainbow dress